Quality of Life Improvements (#83)
DoozyX/clang-format-lint-action: README.md

    --clang-format-executable /clang-format/clang-format9 -r --exclude .git .
```

> Actions cli on format binary are from https://github.com/muttleyxd/clang-tools-static-binaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action's clang-format binaries are from https://github.com/muttleyxd/clang-tools-static-binaries
```
